{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28000\viewh9300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 I want to build a fitness and health app with the following features:\
1. The app should be deployed remotely and should be accessible from other devices\
2. App should collect basic information about the user first like height, weight, gender, age, previous workout experience and other things that popular fitness apps ask for. It should also ask for user goals and come up with a plan accordingly.\
3. It should have 2 main features: \
	a. Fitness: This should include suggesting detailed fitness plans based on user\'92s requirements. For example, user can say that they want to workout for 3 days of the week and run for 2 days of the week. The app should suggest which specific exercises should be done on different days to make sure it is a holistic workout for the week. App should also suggest the running strategy for the 2 days, any pre and post running exercises as well. User should be able to enter their daily progress and the app should update the plan for the upcoming weeks accordingly. For every exercise or workout suggested by the app, it should link a video which shows the correct way of doing those exercises so user can correct if the form is incorrect. \
	b: Health: This section will focus on the diet, daily routine, nutrition of the user. App should be able to suggest a specific diet based on user diet preferences and based on their daily routine. App should be smart enough to understand the day to day of the user, the food habits and general pattern to make a calculated plan for the user. User should be able to enter their progress in the app and the app should learn and update the plan accordingly. The health section also includes other features from popular health related apps like mindfulness, sleep, mental health and the balance of good nutrition, good sleep, good fitness.\
4. App should be able to tell the user if they are overshooting or underachieving. A message at the end of every day to an email of choice would do.\
5. The app will be called Harmony.}